### To install the Simulator:
- Run: ./**install_slurm_sim.sh**
- It will call **install_baseline_sim.sh** and **install_disaggregated_sim.sh**
- - Both scripts will call **compile_and_install_slurm.sh** to compile and to perform additional configurations in the template files, which includes setting the appropriated plugin and user informations on *slurm.conf* template.

#### Directories organization:

- Simulator's source code is under the downloaded directory
- Slurm daemons' binaries will be installed in *install_{name}/slurm_programs/sbin*.
- Slurm and Slurm simulator's binaries will be installed in *install_{name}/slurm_programs/bin*.

### Lauching the simulator:
- Use the files under *template/* folder to generate lauching scripts.
- - Use the *submit_local_feature.sh* file to simulate a heterogeneous system
- - Or the *submit_local.sh* file to simulate a homogeneous system
- The scripts generated using the listed files, run the simulation locally. Add the proper resource manager directives on top of the scripts to properly run it on a cluster.

#### Inputs:

- To run the disaggregated version additional files are provided in the **slowdown_model_files/** folder. It has the *app_info_list_ratio.csv* and *curves_final_local_remote_sensitivity.csv* used by the slowdown based method used in the simulator. 
- An example file is provided in *example.1024n.anl.1838.jobmix50.sim*. It is a small input trace example of 1838 jobs generated by the CIRNE model for a system of 1024 nodes, and augmented with additional informations.


#### Outputs:
- Job completion log will be under *sim_output/TRACES/trace.test.output*
- It will also generate formated csv outputs after the simulation is finished.
- Slurm daemons'logs. if enabled in slurm.conf, will be under *slurm_varios/log/*
